update outdated terms in "gas and fees" article (#10191)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/developers/docs/gas/index.md

### Priority fee (tips) {#priority-fee}

> Before the London Upgrade, validators (known as "miners" under PoW) would receive the total gas fee from any transaction included in a block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before the London Upgrade, validators (previously "miners" under PoW) would receive the total gas fee from any transaction included in a block.
```
